## [0.109.0] - 2023-05-11

### Added
- Added External Links page to UI which allows a user to CRUD External Links and DeltaFile Links 
- Added Next Auto Resume to DeltaFile Viewer and Errors pages. 
- Added the ability to Annotate DeltaFiles 
- Added ProcessingType to DeltaFile View and search
- A new mutation `replaceDeltaFileLink` that is used to replace an existing DeltaFile link
    ```graphql
    # Example usage
    mutation {
      replaceDeltaFileLink(
        linkName: "oldName"
        link: {name: "newName", url: "new.url", description: "new description"}
      )
    }
    ```
- Added a new mutation `replaceExternalLink` that is used to replace an existing external link
    ```graphql
    # Example usage
    mutation {
      replaceExternalLink(
        linkName: "oldName"
        link: {name: "newName", url: "new.url", description: "new description"}
      )
    }
    ```
- Passthrough plugin merged into the core and no longer an independent plugin

### Changed
- Parent/Child DeltaFile queries are now batched on the DeltaFile viewer.
- DIDs are now normalized (to lowercase) on DeltaFile Viewer page.
- Modified the Layout of the Errors Page
  - Removed the `Next Auto Resume` column
  - Added an indicator icon for `Next Auto Resume` to the `Last Error` column
  - Truncated the Filename column
  - Enhanced the column widths
- The interfaces for loading and saving Content in the Java Action Kit have been reworked.
To retrieve content as a byte array, string, or from a stream:
```java
byte[] byteArray = content.loadBytes();
String string = content.loadString();
String encodedString = content.loadString(Charset.forName(encoding));
InputStream inputStream = content.loadInputStream();
```
To store and add content and add to a Result:
```java
// create a result of the type appropriate for your Action
TransformResult transformResult = new TransformResult(context);
transformResult.saveContent(byteArray, fileName, MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON);
transformResult.saveContent(inputStream, fileName, MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON);
// you can reuse existing content and add it to the Result without having to save new Content to disk:
List<ActionContent> existingContentList = input.getContentList();
transformResult.addContent(existingContentList);
// you can also manipulate existing content
ActionContent copyOfFirstContent = existingContentList.get(0).copy();
copyOfFirstContent.setName("new-name.txt");
// get the first 50 bytes
ActionContent partOfSecondContent = existingContentList.get(1).subcontent(0, 50);
copyOfFirstContent.append(partOfSecondContent);
// store the pointers to the stitched-together content without writing to disk
transformResult.addContent(copyOfFirstContent);
```
- The interfaces for loading and saving Content in the Python Action Kit have been reworked.
To retrieve content as bytes or a string:
```python
bytes = content.load_bytes()
string = content.load_string()
```
To store and add content and add to a Result:
```python
// create a result of the type appropriate for your Action
result = TransformResult(context)
result.save_byte_content(bytes_data, filename, 'application/json')
result.save_string_content(string_data, filename, 'application/xml')
// you can reuse existing content and add it to the Result without having to save new Content to disk:
existing_content = input.first_content()
result.add_content(existing_content)
// you can also manipulate existing content
copy = input.first_content().copy()
copy.set_name("new-name.txt")
// get the first 50 bytes of the next piece of incoming content
sub_content = input.content[1].subcontent(0, 50)
copy.append(sub_content)
// store the pointers to the stitched-together content without writing to disk
result.add_content(sub_content)
```
- The compose environment files are now generated based on yaml configuration that is passed into the start command

### Fixed
- Update requeue and resume logic to look for actions defined in transform flows
- Fixed bug related to DeltaFiles with many children on the DeltaFile viewer.
- Fixed issues with unexpected or missing metrics.
- Fixed a bug that caused the system to report incorrect RAM usage on systems with large amounts of RAM (>100G). 
- Fixed the logic for determining which flows and flow plans need to be removed on a plugin upgrade
- New plugin information is not written unless all parts of the plugin registration are valid
- Preserve the maxError settings when ingress flows and transform flows are rebuilt 
- Add all content to result when saving many.
- Fixed wrapping issue in UI menus.
- Fixed overscroll behavior in UI.
- Fix regression where IngressAction always showed 0 ms duration 
- Fixed bug with mediaType not being populated when viewing certain content on the DeltaFile Viewer page. 
- Fix a null pointer exception that could occur when formatting K8S events generated for a plugin pod
- Fix a null pointer exception that could occur when the MinioClient returns a null ObjectWriteResponse
- The compose command no longer depends on relative paths
- Provide default values for runningTransformFlows and testTransformFlows in snapshots for backward compatibility 

### Removed
- JoinAction was completely removed.  Will be reintroduced with a revamped design in future release.
- Remove ingressFlow from ActionInput interfaces, since it is available in the ActionContext

### Tech-Debt/Refactor
- Make DeltaFile metadata accumulate as it travels through Transform and Load Actions.  Transform and Load Actions receive the original metadata plus any metadata that has been added by other actions that proceed it.  Metadata produced by a Format Action is still received by Validate and Egress Actions as it was sent, not including the metadata of any other actions that proceeded it.
- Remove sourceMetadata from ActionInput interfaces.
- Updated python action kit with new wire protocol interfaces 
- Rename SplitResult to ReinjectResult to better capture semantics.  SPLIT action state is now REINJECTED.
- Move sourceFilename from the action inputs to the action context, since it is common to all actions.

### Upgrade and Migration
- Upgraded DGS Codgen to 5.7.1
- Upgraded DGS to 6.0.5
- Upgraded Spring Boot to 3.0.6 
- Upgraded Jackson to 2.15.0
- Upgraded Jackson Schema Generator to 4.31.1
- Upgraded JUnit Jupiter 5.9.3
- Upgraded Mockito JUnit Jupiter 5.3.1
- Upgrade spring docker image to deltafi-spring-base:1.0-1

