## [0.106.0] - 2023-04-17

### Added
- Added the ability to bulk replay DeltaFiles 
- Added DeltaFiles Search filter for Replayable
- Added a `replayble` filter that returns a list of `DeltaFiles` that can be replayed when set to true.
- New metric `files_auto_resumed` per ingress flow for DeltaFiles auto-resumed
- Add monitoring for flow deactivation and reactivation due to the maxErrors threshold 
- New required field `name` to auto-resume policies
- New field `nextAutoResumeReason` set to auto-resume policy name when policy is applied
- Added additional logging for Python plugin startup
- Added a `replayed` filter that returns a list of `DeltaFiles` that have been replayed when set to true.

### Changed
- The nodemonitor to reports CPU and memory metrics to Graphite.
- Changes to the API endpoint for nodes metrics (`/api/v1/metrics/system/nodes`):
  - Node metrics are now pulled from Graphite instead of Kubernetes.
  - Pods are now referred to as Apps.
  - App metrics are no longer reported.
- The UI now shows App information on the System Metrics page instead Pod information. No per-app metrics are displayed.
- Helm charts are now local charts rather than helm dependencies
- The minimum value for the Auto Resume Policy `maxAttempts` is now 2
- UI changes to support flow cache changes.
- changelog tool will add a "latest.md" during release

### Fixed
- Python action kit allows `Domain.value` and `Content.name` to be optional for event execution
- Fixed bug where storage check was always getting 0% disk usage.
- Fixed bug preventing system snapshot imports. 
- Resume of a DeltaFile when the last error was `No Egress Flow Configured` resumes at the `ENRICH` stage
- Projection fields in the `deltaFiles` query no longer treats fields which start with the same name as another field as duplicates
- Rolled back SQLite gem to fix startup error in Auth.  
- Fixed the `export-ingress-plan`, `export-enrich-plan`, `export-egress-plan`, and `export-rules` commands
- Fixed truncate error in commands when running on macOS
- Fixed bug on DeltaFile Viewer page when there are actions in the protocolStack without any content.
- The `deltaFileStats` query no longer throws a reflection error
- Plugin Docker images being tagged with an unspecified version
- Do not remove content when the next action fails to queue after ingress, allow requeue to process it

### Security
- Fixed Ruby base CVEs

### Tech-Debt/Refactor
- Reduce mongo queries for flow information
- Pull FlowFile unpacking out of IngressRest
- Move `DeltafiApiClient` failure tracking to the `DiskSpaceService`

### Upgrade and Migration
- Before upgrading, run `utils/helminator.sh` to clean up helm dependencies
- Upgraded helm charts for:
  - mongodb
  - grafana
  - promtail
  - graphite
- Upgraded Grafana to 9.4.7
- Upgraded Promtail to 2.8.0
- Upgraded Loki to 2.8.0
- Upgraded Graphite to 1.1.10-4
- Upgraded Redis to 7.0.8
- KinD: Upgraded metrics-server to v0.6.3
- Added `name` field to `resumePolicy` collection
- Added `name` field to `resumePolicies` in `systemSnapshot` collection
- Added `nextAutoResumeReason` field to `deltaFile` collection where `nextAutoResume` is set
- Updated all base images to 1.0
- Upgrade to Spring Boot 3.0.5
- Upgrade to Lombok 1.18.26
- Upgrade to DGS 6.0.1
- Upgrade to DGS Codegen 5.7.0
- Upgrade to Jackson 2.14.2
- Updated gems for all Ruby projects

