## [1.0.7] - 2023-08-22

### Added
- Added Cypress testing to Errors pages 
- Added Download metadata button to metadata viewer 
- Added basic cypress tests for all UI pages.
- Added action result assertions that can be used to check action results directly
- Added a helper class, `DeltaFiTestRunner`, for setting up unit tests with an in-memory ContentStorageService instance with methods to simplify loading and reading content.
- Added FORMAT Action to python action test kit
- Clickhouse instance in the kubernetes cluster
- Clickhouse ETL to sync deltafiles from MongoDB into Clickhouse
- Prototype Clickhouse dashboards
- CLI: Added clickhouse-cli command
- Install: Automatic creation of clickhouse secrets
- DetectMediaTypeTransformAction that uses Apache Tika to attempt to detect and assign mediaTypes. 
- Trigger netlify job to publish docs to docs.deltafi.org on public main branch commits
- Add FilterByCriteriaTransformAction - filter or pass DeltaFiles based on criteria defined using Spring Expression Language (SpEL) 
- Add ModifyMediaTypeTransformAction 
- Add ModifyMetadataTransformAction to core actions 

### Changed
- The `pkg_name` parameter for python test kit moved into ActionTest constructor, and renamed `test_name` parameter to `data_dir`
- Make masked parameters backward compatible without relying on the migration
- Resume with modified metadata now modifies metadata received by the retried action, not the original source metadata. If replacing an existing metadata field, the ".original" key is no longer created.
- Run each migration script file from a single exec command to avoid false positives when checking if a migration has previously run

### Fixed
- Fixed a bug on the Errors page related to the resumption of multiple groups of DeltaFiles.
- Action tests compare event objects instead of events converted to String. This allows unordered metadata in tests and ensures we won't have key collisions and unintended regex normalization in event Strings. 
- FormatManyResult in python action kit missing child `did`
- FormatResult in python action kit missing `deleteMetadataKeys`
- Action test framework was returning false positive passes.
- Enforce ordering in action tests
- Clean up handling of expected and actual content sizes being different in action tests
- LineSplitter correctly handles header-only content
- count distinct dids in errorSummaryByFlow and errorSummaryByMessage groups and do not list dids twice 

### Tech-Debt/Refactor
- In action tests, remove behavior of loading default content consisting of the filename if the specified test resource cacannot be loaded from disk.
- Provide action tests a way to supply content not loaded from resources on disk. 
- Action test framework still allowed metadata on content, this was no longer a part of the Action/DeltaFile API. 
- Separated flow from action name
- Cleanup warnings in the repository code

### Upgrade and Migration
- API, Monitor, and ETL Ruby gems updated to latest maintenance releases
- deltafi/grafana image updated to 10.0.3-0

