## [1.0.0-RC1] - 2023-05-17

### Added
- Added a `terminalStage` filter to the `DeltaFilesFilter`. When `terminalStage` is true it will find DeltaFiles that are in a terminal stage, when false it will find DeltaFiles that are in an in-flight stage.
- Added the ability to search for DeltaFiles in a terminal stage from Search Page. 
- Add Toast message when plugin upgrade/install request is made 
- Added visual indicator to Search Page when filter are applied 
- System Properties Page now shows editable Plugin variables by Plugin. 
- CHANGELOG added to DeltaFi documentation
- Java Action Kit: add save interfaces for String, in addition to existing byte[] and InputStream interfaces 

### Changed
- `StorageCheck` now respects `check.contentStoragePercentThreshold` system property.
- Database migrations in auth are now completed before workers are spawned.
- Auth `WORKERS` are now set to `8` by default.
- Plugin init uses the action input to build the flow plans with classes that are generated
- The plugin action templates now includes boilerplate code to read and write content
- Annotate Icon was changed to tag.  
- Java Action Kit exceptions publish with the correct cause, instead of burying the message in the context 
- Do not include the actionType field when generating plugin flows
- Test execution extraneous logging is silenced

### Fixed
-  Fixed bug on Search page when applying and clearing filters.
- Dialogs that contain forms no longer have a dismissible mask.
- Fixed bug causing `ContentStorageCheck` to never report.
- Fixed issue preventing auth `WORKERS` being set to greater than one.
- Add the MINIO_PARTSIZE environment variable to plugins deployed in standalone mode 
- Correctly assign processingType on reinject
- Alerts that are silenced will no longer generate a notification

### Tech-Debt/Refactor
- Flatten content object by removing content references and adding segments and mediaType directly to content
- Introduce DeltaFile schema versioning for backward compatibility
- Remove unneccessary ProtocolLayer from load and transform response wire protocols 
- Remove sourceInfo from the wire protocol
- Update versions of Python package dependencies

### Documentation
- Update 'Getting Started' tutoral to reflect recent changes

