## [1.1.11] - 2023-11-08

### Changed
- Configured `egress-sink` to use rainbows/unicorn for better performance.
- Change default `scheduledServiceThreads` from 32 to 8
- Change default `deltaFileCache.enabled` to true
- UI: Changed width of Cron Schedule column in Timed Ingress Actions table.
- Change default `requeueSeconds` from 30 to 300 and `deltaFileCache.syncSeconds` from 10 to 30 to reduce mongo strain and prevent races between the cache and requeue

### Fixed
- Resolved a bug that was causing slow selection of DeltaFiles on the Search page.
- Allow strings up to 16 MB to be serialized into ActionInputs in the Java action kit 
- Ensure reinjected child actions are cold queued if needed 
- Improve core memory use when too many files are flowing through the system. Introduce a semaphore to limit how many messages will be pulled off the queue, configurable with the `coreInternalQueueSize` property.
- Do not start unneccessary processing threads in ingress.
- UI: Timestamp component now renders "-" instead of "Invalid Date" if passed a null/undefined.
- Fixed bug in egress-sink causing no files to be written to disk.
- Include `SCHEMA_VERSION` field in all partial DeltaFile queries so that upconversion is not attempted.
- Fix memory issue: Replace Metric tag string concatentation with StringBuilder 

### Tech-Debt/Refactor
- Do not create empty arrays and maps when initializing DeltaFile and Action objects, since they will be overwritten upon serialization 
- Refactor DeltaFileImpl mongo queries using fluent interfaces.  Creates cleaner code and queries sent to the DB.
- Reduce minio partSize from 100,000,000 to 10,000,000 to reduce memory allocations 

