## [1.1.9] - 2023-11-03

### Added
- Implemented page routing guard that can be used to prevent navigating to another page if certain conditions are met. 
- Added validation of timed ingress cron schedule.

### Changed
- Added collect configuration in flows.
- Removed JOIN action type from Auto Resume page.
- Updated Headings on errors page tabs.
- Change helm chart `nodemonitor` name to `deltafi-nodemonitor` for consistency with other apps 
- Replaced interval with cron expression in timed ingress
- Update documentation to reflect supported OS/configurations, consolidate pre-reqs/usage of KinD environment, and bring pages for KinD usage and Contributors to the top-level.
- Changed default value for `smokeEgressUrl` to `http://deltafi-egress-sink-service/blackhole`.
- Changed interval to cron schedule in timed ingress docs.

### Fixed
- Fixed flow plan builder redirect catch always firing on save while editing an existing flow plan 
- Fixed a bug that prevented the API from rendering content for filenames containing commas.
- Prevent memory growth in core-actions by saving non-streaming archives to minio in batches 
- UI: Resolved a CSS bug that was impacting the menu in the content viewer.
- Core should heartbeat queue names, not identity.  Queue name is prepended with dgs-.  These were showing up as orphaned queues. 
- Allocate two additional threads to the core jedis thread pool to account for the incoming action event threads
- Core and workers emit heartbeat for the non-affinitized dgs topic so it is not reported as an orphan
- Fix race where deltaFile cache cleanup could remove a deltaFile in process from the cache 
- Mongo excessive CPU usage caused by @ConditionalOnProperty annotation being ignored when used in conjunction with @Scheduled in QueueManagementService

### Removed
- Removed processing type from GUI search options
- Removed smoke file creation from egress-sync in favor of `smoke-test-ingress` timed ingress action.

### Tech-Debt/Refactor
- Restructure deltaFileStats to reduce mongo CPU load.  Total bytes is no longer displayed on the top bar of the dashboard. 
- Improve DeltaFile cache flushing.  Flush to the database at the configured deltaFileCache.syncSeconds interval.  Previously it was only flushing if the modified time was greater than this interval, but now it checks against the last database sync time.  This fixes a race with requeues that would often cause Mongo OptimisticLockingExceptions and duplicated work.
- Adjusted deltaFile collection indexes for better performance 
- Small DeltaFilesService optimizations and cleanups
- Change ConfigurableFixedDelayTrigger semantics so that there is a fixed delay between executions, as opposed to running at a fixed rate
- Optimize deltaFileStats query 

